Updates for KES release on 2024-02-29 (#54)
minio/kes-docs: content/concepts/server-api.md

}
```

### HMAC

| Method   | Path                  | Content-Type       |
|:--------:|:---------------------:|:------------------:|
| `PUT`    | `/v1/key/hmac/`       | `application/json` |

> Compute a message authentication code (MAC) for some provided data. 

Reviewer: Is there anything more specific we can say about this `some` data? Perhaps someone from eng has thoughts.

Reviewer 2: I think it might be literally for the provided data blob?

```suggestion
Compute a message authentication code (MAC) for the data provided in the POST data.
```

Author: Yes, what Ravind suggested.
The request passes the data string to compute the HMAC for.

So it's literally whatever data you pass in the request.

Author: Rephrased the description to clarify that it is the data passed in the request.
